This is an RFC document that explains the commands this app has to offer, what input they expect and what will the output be:

note - These commands do apper in the app itself but without the additional info.

    also the commands will be written into the message in the format they suppose to be - 
    if they will be written diffrently the server will just not procces them and send an eror message.
    One may use a single command at a time and its "code" for example "DM" will be written in the start of the message
    or they will not be recognized by the server.

None - this means if there is not command inputed - it will send a "broadcast" message which means everyone will be able to see 
    the message you wrote.

Echo - build: "echo ..." - the "Echo" command will make the message an echo, which means the server will echo it 
    to your client but the other people will NOT see it.
time - build: "time ...", the time command can contain additional data besided the time "code" however the server won't do anything with it.
    the time command returns the current time at the server.
HMM - build:"HMM", just like time, this command can contain additional data but the server won't procces it.
    the HMM command returns how many poeple besideds you are connected to the chat room.
DM - build: "DM name:<*user_name*> id:<*user_id*> msg:...." - this command does have a specific build and if it will not be followed 
    the server will return an eror message. Note that you do not need to have both name and id, you can have both or either one,
    name might apply to several people and id will only apply to one person. This command sends a direct message to the people who meet
    the name/id criteria.
CAP - build :"CAP password:<*new_password*>". This command changes the admin passowrd, after trying to send this message a window will
    pop up and you will have to input the current admin password, if this message will be written incorrectly the server will send an eror message
CN - build:"CN name:<*new_name*>". This command changes your name, which means your apperence to other people as well as DM's 
    target for you will be changed, if this command will be written incorrectly the server will send an eror message.
GAP - build:"GAP ...". This command previews all the current members connected along with their name and ID. 
    This command is not case sensitive and as long as you have "GAP" at the begining it will work.
kick - build:"kick id:<*user_id*>". This command can only be used by admin and what it does is that it kicks the user who
    matches the ID. Keep in mind this command has to be written correctly and can only be used by admins.
exit - build: "exit". This command exits the app and it IS case sensitive. if you write anything besides "exit" it will register as a
    normal word.
QUIT - build:"QUIT". This command shuts down the whole server, however it requires admin passowrd in order to do so. 
    it has to be written exactly like that or else it will register as a normal word.